---
layout: post
title: "Summer in the City 2016"
date: 2016-08-26
excerpt: "It was fun pretending to a legit YouTuber, even if I did feel like a bit of a fraud aha!"
tags: [SitC, YouTube]
comments: true
---

On Friday 12th August, I went along to the Summer in the City creator day. It was fun pretending to a legit YouTuber, even if I did feel like a bit of a fraud aha! Here's a bit of a run down of what happened.

## First impressions

Arriving on my own, I won't lie, was a bit intimidating. As a self-confessed introvert of the most extreme, the groups of people, copses of brightly coloured hair and cameras out with people vlogging away gave me a strong longing to be swallowed up by the floor.

It was exciting though as I don't really know many YouTubers in real life, so having this many in one place was a bit of a new experience for me.

## New friends

In the queue I met two lovely vloggers- <a href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCrYDHZrQB9pe0vnm8gKhMrQ" target="_blank">Harry</a> and <a href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCGNPKIBhFAin1KCvFZ4GpmA" target="_blank">Aggy</a>. (Thanks to Harry for overcoming the awkward stranger barrier and actually starting a conversation!)

Once we were let into the main hall we had a look round together, and there was a lot going on- inflatables, games, merch stalls, other shops... We played inflatable table football, girls vs. boys style, and of course the best team won ;)

Later on in the music panel I met <a href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCzg3d6SUufdPSMr7uE__PEg" target="_blank">Abi</a>. She is an awesome classically trained singer so does her videos with this twist to them. Collab hopefully coming soon?!

Finally I met <a href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCAPR27YUyxmgwm3Wc2WSHLw" target="_blank">Chris</a>, who has a tech channel, and we fan-girled a bit about open source together (apologies to Aggy who was caught in the middle!) aha. For those who are interested in this side of what I do, we will hopefully be recording a video together soon about making music with open source. Woop! I would also like to do some more stuff on my channel, but not so sure how to start... hit me up with ideas please if you can!

## Panels

Throughout the day there were various panels on topics from monetisation on videos, to the music industry, to vlogging, to YouTube demos. Here is a run down of the ones I attended:

#### YouTube's business of you
This was about how to make a living online. Exciting stuff but a bit out of reach at the moment!

#### Monetisation panel
A few YouTubers talked about their experiences with monetisation on YouTube. I mainly went because <a href="https://www.youtube.com/user/doddleoddle" target="_blank">Dodie Clark</a> was there! She's great.

#### YouTube's Next Up panel
I heard from some YouTubers who are in the 10,000-100,000 subscriber mark about their experiences and challenges on YouTube. Fascinating stuff!

#### The music industry and YouTube
Take away point: the YouTube/ music industry relationship is a very strange beast indeed!

#### All the latest from YouTube
Basically, YouTube's slot to demo new features. They mainly revolved around live streaming so unfortunately less relevant for me at the moment, although fairly interesting.

## Final thoughts and a cheeky request

I really enjoyed the day, even if I was shattered by the end! I would consider going to the whole weekend next year, and I would really like to get more involved in the YouTube community having been to the gathering. I especially look forward to collaborating with some new and old friends in the near future.

One thing though; there are these creator programmes on YouTube where you get access to special stuff helping you make good content and to network with other YouTubers, which is awesome... BUT you need at least 1,000 subscribers to really be a part of it. I'm currently at about 550. If you haven't already, subscribing to my YouTube channel would be such an amazing thing, and if you want to share my music around, I will be eternally grateful! For those who are already a part of what I do here, thank you sooooo much- all the love to you! <3

See you soon on the tuuube :)
