---
layout: post
title: "Welcome"
date: 2016-06-01
excerpt: "Welcome to this shiny new website of mine! I thought I'd explain who I am and what I'm doing here."
tags: [welcome, introduction, about]
comments: true
---

Welcome to this shiny new website of mine! I thought I'd explain who I am and what I'm doing here.

## YouTube Introduction

I do the YouTube thing. Therefore, it makes sense that you can also find this in video form. Here's a handy embed of said video for your convenience.

## The Story so Far

I realised just how much I liked music (and especially singing) when we did some simple cover songs at school in our music lessons. From there I thought it would be cool to learn guitar so that I could accompany myself and so bought a cheap guitar. The rest is history so they say!

I used the *classic* guitar learning technique known as watch-YouTube-and-sing-Taylor-Swift, which introduced me to this whole YouTube thing. I posted my first cover video circa 2010 (but all these early ones are now safely on private where they can no longer inflict embarrassment). I created my current channel mid-way through 2011.

I have always been into computers (for any Linux geeks among you, I grew up using Gentoo, which makes me sound more hardcore than I really am, but earns me some Linux cred I guess!). It made sense, therefore, that I go on to study Computer Science at university, which I did.

Since the start I've posted approaching 100 videos, but they've been fairly sporadic between school and university. Which brings me onto the next point...

## I'M DONE WITH FULL TIME EDUCATION!

I graduated from university the other day, and now have a **whole 6 months** before I start work as a software developer, which I'm going to spend pretending to be a YouTuber/ musician/ general online person, just for fun, and see what happens!

## The Plan

I am going to make content that I enjoy and put it out there in case any of you fabulous people are crazy enough to enjoy it too! I plan on releasing EPs, cover songs, doing collaborations, doing software projects, writing blogs, perhaps even vlogging, and doing whatever else I fancy at the time. If you have any ideas or suggestions, you can comment below, message me on facebook, drop me an email etc.

### This is not your average 'I play guitar and I sing' channel...

As you may have gathered by now, I'm throwing the net quite wide in this. Music will be a big part of it, but I also very much enjoy tech things: programming, Linux chatz, software, open source*, etc. and I am first and foremost a follower of Jesus Christ, which undoubtedly deserves some space!

Bascially the bottom line: no rules. I shall make what I feel like making and you're *ridiculously* welcome to join me for the ride if ya like. (I used to think I should stick to the normal 'rules' about what being a YouTube musician looks like, but have since realised that the fact that I am also very into tech is not an awkward extra but is in fact a key part of what I'm doing. Hence, I am proudly embracing that fact!)

*Bonus point- EVERY piece of software I use is free and open source. I love to talk about this. If you want to know more, please just ask and I shall be happy to discuss to your heart's content.
